two thousand and eight hundred people
championship debut
in the first half the pines won with eduardo paes ares because in the partnership and in the
individual plays
44-42
it was only in the beginning the corinthians reacted in the second half
changed teams
doubt and oscar
I need assistance
free throws
three-point throw
the Corinthians won here in the
game in jundiaí
the new channel does not want to leave losing face at the beginning of the championship
he left the captains to sit down to meet the line of fans organized in the
block
but before that he was surrounded by the pediatric who had to show so
staff that star life is not easy
we have seen so far
only the game ended 0 to 0 and the cast returned to the
blocks this weekend
after the consecration of the Olympiad
and in the stands was the inseparable companion
years behind the cameras
so loved by the fans but
already there
during the courts I watched the games
The partnership partnership increased the task of Cristina was to pass in a
the guys in this area before and after practice
who was born like this
at the time of the game it is difficult to talk calmly because oscar
always interrupts the duck
the food skins
cristina has plenty of reasons to cheer
Only she knows what can happen.
Gyan Ghanaian half
do not make me sulky
but won the categories
the lonely and cristina miguel is divided between thrill of fans and woman
will declare his love once again his way that he understands very well
the debut of star in the São Paulo basketball championship, Corinthians won
pine trees for 95 to 82
the state scored 32 points
is the newest mega reef millionaire
being the numbers
or 46 points in the country's biggest win he co-produced the film
the first baskets came when he was 13 years old when he already had a meter and
90 tall and so he was invited to put his hand on the ball
basketball was only a matter of time the little boy
began his career in the Americas of the river passed by palm trees and now
corintians team
in the late 1970s won a world chapter interclubes
when victory tears were already becoming common in the life of the best
weeping of our basketball
messi
at 38 years looking for his tenth year of records
the biggest basket in the history of Brazil and Italy where he played for 11
seasons and earned the nickname of holy hand
record holder in an olympic match against Spain in his world 88 made 55
points
to find that the Puerto Rican has given to fiocruz are with the only
basketball when playing 5 limpid
it is also the biggest basket of the 100m years of modern games with thousand and 93
points
flop to deliver his autographed uniform to the hall of fame and memory museum
of basketball
yesterday 25 years of work in about 35 thousand points marked in the career
in 95 search left aside three years of removal from the selection to wear
again the yellow-green jersey and classify the team to the competition
has the plant
1996 being Brazil grow near a cult that troubles of the olympic games
21 points and the team lost by 72 the government of roraima in the
east of the country coincides with the day of the
some of the companions he also tells that all the fans